hello everyone welcome to the ipfs corn
plantations weekly sink for June effects
2020 mmm I can break your host as we
play the game with important initiatives
outstanding questions all that good
stuff so we're going to go over our high
priority initiatives discuss updates
local area initiatives question is
politics and so the first thing to do is
to talk about upcoming ash it releases
so we had to be released in chair so if
that's last week 0.45 that deleted it's
what 1.2 and also a whole bunch of
stability and performance improvements
when you're retrieving files on chess I
profess now guess what's about 5 times
faster depending on how big the file
you're between which is super cool also
if you use an abort signal to cancel a
request if that request has caused some
CID stick it yep currently working on
these here at 6 release you know 1rc out
need to get another one within several
days it's gonna upgrade do a major quick
version upgrade but we planned in this
minecraft the RC originally we also need
a fix an issue where identify messages
are too big because apparently go fist
this hard-coded 2048 by limit on sized
engine if I message and ran into this we
had a time periods
not only with I with 4096 bit RSA keys
there's weird combination like we have
one node these is 4096 but RSA keys and
this is but but let us actually find
this problem and we didn't even notice
something upgraded you know it's as well
after any better test of us yeah was the
main things for 0.607 is is coming up
next that some like HT improvements and
if everyone my keys my default ideally
except closer the next thanks doc what
is containment
yeah okay
waitis yeah well I was reading up Davis
yeah that was the update setting you
know through that stuff it's a nice
thing is something yeah so I think the
pr we support for long CID is ready for
a final review we can the discussion
about should we prioritize maximizing
the length of label on the left or right
side and if someone is interested in
details why one version is probably
safer there's a discussion thread I
linked in the notes but I feel it's
ready for a final review and the next
step for ensuring that both ipfs and I
can as default for each namespace load
fine with load fine from a public
gateway with TLS for acid for a single
white card certificate we need to ensure
name says Ingo ipfs works correctly with
peer IDs encoded at CID invites 36 which
fits perfectly in the DNS level in a
single day DNS level I did not have
bandwidth to check that last week or
hopefully I'll do that sooner than later
this week and that's my big
cool next up is bits of hot days yeah
yeah so this week open API for temporary
someone tracking metrics that's ready
for review and then we also improved
performance for a final coin use case
which is when you're requesting blocks
from a large number of peers cool
we decision stream content-based
champion research data etc yes so the
core tool itself is more or less ready I
was actually going to present on Sunday
but this token cancelled
you have provisioned a box where I can
replicate Andrews experiment from March
last year a little bit with spit and
baling wire it finishes at about 50
minutes instead of 12 hours but to
repeat this and basically have others be
able to replicate that I need to wrap up
the tool that actually leads from the
file system feeds the the dagger jenker
which it it's like 90% there now I'm
chasing couple size problems and that's
pretty much that
hoping to publish actual numbers based
on a quiet system which you know with
known specs and stuff like that around
once your Thursday this week were
stopped EFS initiative what's going on
yeah we're halfway through the phase 2
grant which is about UNIX FS so we're
just working on that for the most part
there's a couple JSI PFS poor requests
that are going in in need reviewer we
need some attention just because it's
the testing the interface core testing
thing again replacing I PMS ad with the
importer function so that we can test
things like pinning etc without having
to implement ad which is a future work
for us so if somebody could just kindly
paste the crypto pad notes again because
I joined a little late so I didn't get
to see it I only see the ones chat
messages since I joined I can add those
PRS in and then so you know if somebody
could take a look at those that'd be
great the other question I have is if
there's any file coin people around
maybe reach out after the call because I
have some questions there as well
that's all thank you I have a really
quick suggestion for you not having and
not having to spend the time to
implement ad right now looking to
implementing care file imports so
basically you can create any kind of
taking go ifs and just wholesale import
it into your rest implementation and
then you go around ad great I mean I
think that's exactly what we're doing
right now but I'll double check that and
if that's not the case that sounds a
great good suggestion thank you
Pistor improvements and Jesslyn yeah no
he's up today but that should land this
week in no 28 really useful printing I'm
lending that on the next day or two
after testing so we should be able to
close this initiative out and then this
is also like the release is also going
to include listen and announce addresses
which we previously didn't support in
jasmine
so that should make things a bit nicer
first warm integration and JSI PFS cool
next up is counselor question Jessup EFS
I'm saying any kind of update on that
has done in the last release terrible
signals now work with honest I think
this is kind of done now I don't smell
anything else to add any extra Stingley
so I work out if you want to use the
portable iterators anywhere but don't
think that we do yeah I don't foresee
doing much more work on this EP yeah
lasgo stubbed out the initial
implementation building off of what
mkg built a while back and so he's
working off of that or the current spec
and so there's an open issue for me to
give him some some feedback really this
week and if anybody wants to provide
feedback on that early on that would be
a good place to go
cool that finishes off the means of
initiatives and to the other initiatives
you supposed to be 1.5 and go ipfs
migration is most hash keys in the block
store
it's rice ago so there's no meaning it's
a it's on positive got Fester's for I
said oh I don't know about yes yes so
it's kind of the moment Jason's booked
on having a migration tool the to what
one onyx then there is a migration to
that it's not it's never show the
process of migration so I'm gonna pick
up that make sure it is shipshape and
that will go in unblock us making these
kind of changes for the first movie
migrating to Moss fish keys and then
you'll be using that to do the pinning
improvements to move one things needs to
be data school
cool that is the other initiatives so
next we have designer view proposals
there was a proposal from last week I
think they've got punted to this week to
handle configuration in shared nodes so
if this is when you have a node it is
access from multiple contexts wrecking
the browser different camps so please
add yourself to the list
you should would like to be in this
meeting are there any other design new
proposals go right so maybe the rest of
it so Dockers and asks anyone blocked
you need anything you want got any
questions
anything for the parking lot what's in
your mind I have a think in the parking
lot the base 36 by a default issue that
they opened a while ago
there seems to be mostly favorable
response so far but like do we want to
ask folks on the GS site on the water /
well coincide do we want to just do it
is this basic you by default overall
baser to by default happiness so my
proposal is overall our business 6
overall this for parole CLI a vehicles
which we have a designer II session
owner we could
the character design session you know
synchronously probe we're not going to
add my channel I mean just a timer we
can talk about it okay then even
everyone here but propose it for small
interesting I think would be also good
to have people comment on the issue
first we just had a design review
proposal on base 36 like the resolution
was like we definitely use it for IPS
skis it's just the case at least the
question here is like only for IPS keys
or everything yeah so read the proposal
would the trade-offs I'm going to all
pasty sure again
you
that's all I have your question boils
down to like
who are the relevant stakeholders that
need to be informed that this is
something that there is interest in
doing before we pull the trigger and say
yes more or less here
like Stephen says we need people to
comment on the issue with probably you
cannot reach all the people didn't come
you
do you wanna know some kind of timing on
reading the issue then we can make a
decision the time I don't think we have
enough time family now I'm writing a
design review proposals slip to discuss
based at 6:00 and yeah that's the thing
we did like what didn't said this is not
right audience for like putting
everything together I guess so yeah not
sure what's next all right yeah I think
we got you it to the end of the list
just if so is there anything else in the
parking lot
yes just a brief I saw that Moscow is
implementing Jeff's rendezvous which is
cool because we go on which is I don't
know if it's actually being used by
anyone we would like to in the near to
medium-term future
pick it up and use it or something
almost exactly like it for DHT
bootstrapping so that instead of relying
on the routing tables natively to do
that and just connecting to a bootstrap
node and assuming at all so a DHT server
and have to play by all the same rules
instead just saying I want to learn
about nodes that are in the DHT please
give me a pile of them that are randomly
distributed throughout the network and
seem like they're available and so we
can use their own able protocol for that
so the fact that existing gonna be an
existing in j/s is
okay they might kind of wraps up the the
core scent then if one can just make
sure with a some updates in be great
otherwise have a great week and see you
next Monday I'm Stacy don't touch your
face just do